IBX-1130: Add language argument to translatable fields (#1485)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/api/graphql_queries.md

You can request any Fields of the Content item. In the example above, these are `title` and `author`.

#### Get language versions

To get Fields of a Content item in a specific language, use the `language` argument.
The language must be configured for the current SiteAccess.

```
{
  content {
    article(id: 57) {
      title: title(language: eng_GB)
      title_PL: title(language: pol_PL)
    }
  }
}
```

Response:

```
{
  "data": {
    "content": {
      "article": {
        "title": "Most interesting cat breeds",
        "title_PL": "Najciekawsze rasy kotów"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> When you don't specify a language, the response contains the most prioritized translation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you do not specify a language, the response contains the most prioritized translation.
```
